Decouples github readme from readthedocs (#64)
uab-cgds-worthey/quac: README.md

[![Snakemake](https://img.shields.io/badge/snakemake-6.0.5-brightgreen.svg?style=flat)](https://snakemake.readthedocs.io)
[![ReadTheDocs](https://readthedocs.org/projects/quac/badge/?version=latest)](https://quac.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)

# QuaC

🦆🦆 Don't duck that QC thingy 🦆🦆

> > **_NOTE:_**  In the past life, QuaC repo used to live at [UAB

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **_NOTE:_**  In a past life, QuaC used a different remote Git management provider, [UAB
```
